fix: prioritize special rules in manifest files while checking app dependencies (#74)
espressif/idf-build-apps: docs/manifest.md

- `--modified-files`
- `--modified-components`

> By default, one app will be built when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the app will be built when:
```

- The app itself is modified (`.md` files are excluded)

> - Any of the `build_components` are modified.
> 
>     `build_components` are defined in the `project_description.json`, which is generated by running `idf.py reconfigure` or `idf.py build`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Any of the components used by the app are modified.

    The list of components used by the app is obtained from `BUILD_COMPONENTS` property in IDF build system. `idf-build-apps` runs `idf.py reconfigure` to determine the value of this property for the given app.
```

To declare the dependencies for an app explicitly, `idf-build-apps` supports two more manifest file entries:

- `depends_components`
- `depends_filepatterns`

When any of these two entries are specified, the default behavior will be different. Instead, the app will be built when:

- The app itself is modified (`.md` files are excluded)
- Any of the specified `depends_components` is modified
- Any file that matches any of the specified `depends_filepatterns` is modified

> 

Reviewer: Should we write it explicitly that when using these options `build_components` no longer affect the build? Just to make it 100% clear.

Reviewer 2: I think we can make this clear by restructuring the description a bit:

---
## Building apps only on related changes

In large projects or monorepos it is often desirable to only run builds and tests which are somehow related to the changes in a pull request.

`idf-build-apps`  supports this by checking whether a particular app has been modified, or depends on modified components or modified files.

### Basic Usage

To enable this feature, you need to pass the list of modified files or modified components to idf-build-apps using the following CLI options:

- `--modified-files`
- `--modified-components`

For example, if the project uses Git, you can obtain the list of files modified in a branch or a pull request by calling
```bash
git diff --name-only ${pr_branch_head} $(git merge-base ${pr_branch_head} main)
```
where `pr_branch_head` is the branch of the pull request, and `main` is the default branch.

idf_build_apps uses the following rules to determine whether to build an app or not:

1. Any files in the app itself are modified (`.md` files are excluded)
2. If `depends_components` or `depends_filepatterns` are specified in the manifest file, idf-build-apps matches `modified-components` and `modified-files` against these two options. If any of the modified components are in the `depends_components` list or any of the modified files are matched by `depends_filepatterns`, the app is built.
3. If `depends_components` or `depends_filepatterns` are not specified in the manifest file, idf-build-apps determines the list of components the app depends on using `BUILD_COMPONENTS` property in IDF build system. For the given app, this property contains the list of all the components included into the build. idf_build_apps runs `idf.py reconfigure` to determine the value of this property for the app. If any of the modified components are present in BUILD_COMPONENTS list, the app is built.

- `--modified-files examples/foo/main/foo.c`
- `--modified-components comp1`
- `--modified-components comp2 comp4`
- `--modified-files common_header_files/foo.h`

This app will not be built with the following CLI options:

- `--modified-files examples/foo/main/foo.md`
- `--modified-components bar`

### Ignore Root Dependencies

> Sometimes, we have some root dependencies that is really low-level. All apps should be built if these root dependencies are modified. We can use the `--ignore-root-dependencies` CLI option to achieve this.

Reviewer: Maybe need more details here? What are the root dependencies? Set by the users? A default selection? What exactly am I skipping when using `---ignore-root-dependencies`?

Reviewer 2: I'm also a bit confused, 'ignore-root-dependencies' is used to achieve 'apps should be built if these root dependencies are modified'? Not the other way around?
